[IMP] MRP: updated bills of materials rst content (#2611)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/bill_configuration.rst

==========================
Create a Bill of Materials
==========================

A *Bill of Materials* (BoM) is a document that defines the quantity of each component required to

> make or deliver a finished product. It can also include various operations and individual step

Reviewer: Add `the` before `individual step`

guidelines needed to complete a production process.

In Odoo Manufacturing, multiple BoMs can be linked to each product, so that even product variants
can have their own tailored BoMs.

> Correctly setting up BoMs helps optimize the manufacturing process and save time.

Reviewer: Replace `BoMs` with `a BoM`

Setting up a BoM
================
The simplest BoM setup is one without operations or instructions, only components. In this case,

> the production is solely managed using Manufacturing Orders. 

Reviewer: I would add italic formatting `*` around `Manufacturing Orders`

> To create a BoM from the Manufacturing module, go to :menuselection:`Products --> Bills of

Reviewer: Add a `:guilabel:` before `Manufacturing`

Materials`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`. Next, specify the :guilabel:`Product`. Note that a BoM
can also be created directly from the product form. In that case, the :guilabel:`Product` field is
pre-filled. 

For a standard BoM, set the :guilabel:`BoM Type` to :guilabel:`Manufacture this Product`. Then
click :guilabel:`Add a Line` to specify the various components that make up the production of the
final product and their respective quantities. New components can be created on the fly through the
BoM, or can be created beforehand in :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products

> --> Create`.

Reviewer: Add `` Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the BoM. `` at the end of this paragraph

Specify a BoM for a product variant
-----------------------------------

BoMs can also be assigned to specific *Product Variants*. There are two ways to set up BoMs for
product variants, after the product variant attributes have been configured on the product form.

The first method is to create one BoM per variant by creating a new BoM and specifying the
:guilabel:`Product Variant`. The second method is to create one master BoM that contains all of the
components, and specify which variant each component applies to using the :guilabel:`Apply on
Variants` column.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-variants.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product Variants in the Bill of Materials. 

Operations
==========

Add an :guilabel:`Operation` to a BoM to specify instructions for production and register time spent on an operation. To use this feature, first enable the :guilabel:`Work Orders` feature in
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`.

Then, when creating a new BoM, click on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab and click :guilabel:`Add a
line` to add a new operation. In the :guilabel:`Create Operations` box, give the operation a name,

> specify the :guilabel:`Work Center` and duration settings. Like components, and specify a product

Reviewer: Replace `and specify a product` with `Odoo gives the option to specify a product`

variant in the :guilabel:`Apply on Variants` field so the operation only applies to that variant.
Finally, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

.. note::
   Each operation is unique, as it is always exclusively linked to one BoM. Operations can be
   reused when configuring a new BoM, with the :guilabel:`Copy Existing Operations` feature.

.. image:: bill_configuration/copy-existing-operations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Copy Existing Operations feature. 

By-Products
===========

A *By-Product* is a residual product that is created during production in addition to the main
product of a BoM. Unlike the primary product, there can be more than one by-product on a BoM.

To add by-products to a BoM, first enable the :guilabel:`By-Products` feature in

> :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`

Reviewer: Add a period at the end of the sentence

==========================
Create a Bill of Materials
==========================

A *Bill of Materials* (BoM) is a document that defines the quantity of each component required to
make or deliver a finished product. It can also include various operations and individual step
guidelines needed to complete a production process.

In Odoo Manufacturing, multiple BoMs can be linked to each product, so that even product variants
can have their own tailored BoMs.

Correctly setting up BoMs helps optimize the manufacturing process and save time.

Setting up a BoM
================
The simplest BoM setup is one without operations or instructions, only components. In this case,
the production is solely managed using Manufacturing Orders.

To create a BoM from the Manufacturing module, go to :menuselection:`Products --> Bills of
Materials`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`. Next, specify the :guilabel:`Product`. Note that a BoM
can also be created directly from the product form. In that case, the :guilabel:`Product` field is

> already pre-filled.

Reviewer: Remove `already`

For a standard BoM, set the :guilabel:`BoM Type` to :guilabel:`Manufacture this Product`. Then
click :guilabel:`Add a Line` to specify the various components that make up the production of the
final product and their respective quantities. New components can be created on the fly through the

> BoM, or can be created beforehand in the :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products

Reviewer: Remove `the` before `:menuselection:`

--> Create`. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the BoM.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set up a Bill of Materials.

Specify a BoM for a product variant
-----------------------------------

BoMs can also be assigned to specific *Product Variants*. There are two ways to set up BoMs for

> product variants, after the product variant attributes have been configured on the product form.

Reviewer: - Replace the comma after `product variants` with a period
- Replace `after` with `Note that`
- Replace `have been` with `must already be`

The first method is to create one BoM per variant by creating a new BoM and specifying the
:guilabel:`Product Variant`. The second method is to create one master BoM that contains all of the
components, and specify which variant each component applies to using the :guilabel:`Apply on
Variants` column.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-variants.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product Variants in the Bill of Materials.

Operations
==========

> Add :guilabel:`Operation` to a BoM to specify instructions for production and register time spent on

Reviewer: Add `an` before `:guilabel:`

an operation. To use this feature, first enable the :guilabel:`Work Orders` feature in
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`.

Then, when creating a new BoM, click on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab and click :guilabel:`Add a
line` to add a new operation. In the :guilabel:`Create Operation` box, give the operation a name,

> specify the :guilabel:`Work Center` and duration settings. Like components, specify a product

Reviewer: Add `and` before `specify`

variant in the :guilabel:`Apply on Variants` field so the operation only applies to that variant.
Finally, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

.. note::

>          Each operation is unique, as it is always exclusively linked to one BoM. Operations can be

Reviewer: Make sure the first letter of `Each` is lined up with the first letter of `note` on the line before

>          reused when configuring a new BoM, with the :guilabel:`Copy Existing Operations` feature.

Reviewer: Make sure the first letter of `reused` is lined up with the first letter of `note` two lines before this one

.. image:: bill_configuration/copy-existing-operations.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: *Copy Existing Operations* feature.

Reviewer: Remove the italic formatting `*` around `Copy Existing Operations`

By-Products
===========

A *By-Product* is a residual product that is created during production in addition to the main
product of a BoM. Unlike the primary product, there can be more than one by-product on a BoM.

To add by-products to a BoM, first enable the :guilabel:`By-Products` feature in
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`.

> Once the feature is enabled, you can by-products to a BoM by clicking on the :guilabel:`Operations`

Reviewer: Add the word `add` between `can` and `by-products`

click :guilabel:`Add a Line` to specify the various components that make up the production of the
final product and their respective quantities. New components can be created on the fly through the
BoM, or can be created beforehand in :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products
--> Create`. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the BoM.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set up a Bill of Materials.

Specify a BoM for a product variant
-----------------------------------

BoMs can also be assigned to specific *Product Variants*. There are two ways to set up BoMs for
product variants. Note that the product variant attributes must already be configured on the
product form.

The first method is to create one BoM per variant by creating a new BoM and specifying the
:guilabel:`Product Variant`. The second method is to create one master BoM that contains all of the
components, and specify which variant each component applies to using the :guilabel:`Apply on
Variants` column.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-variants.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product Variants in the Bill of Materials. 

Operations

> ==========

Reviewer 2: Would contextualize this more.
What about Operations?

Add an :guilabel:`Operation` to a BoM to specify instructions for production and register time
spent on an operation. To use this feature, first enable the :guilabel:`Work Orders` feature in
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`.

Then, when creating a new BoM, click on the :guilabel:`Operations` tab and click :guilabel:`Add a
line` to add a new operation. In the :guilabel:`Create Operations` box, give the operation a name,
specify the :guilabel:`Work Center` and duration settings. Like components, Odoo gives the option
to specify a product variant in the :guilabel:`Apply on Variants` field so the operation only
applies to that variant. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

.. note::
   Each operation is unique, as it is always exclusively linked to one BoM. Operations can be
   reused when configuring a new BoM, with the :guilabel:`Copy Existing Operations` feature.

.. image:: bill_configuration/copy-existing-operations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Copy Existing Operations feature. 

By-Products

> ===========

Reviewer 2: Would contextualize this more.
What about By-Products?

==========================
Create a Bill of Materials
==========================

> A *Bill of Materials* (:abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`) is a document that defines the quantity of

Reviewer 2: Don't need the `:abbr:` tag here when it's first being defined.
```suggestion
A *Bill of Materials* (or *BoM* for short) is a document that defines the quantity of
```

each component required to make or deliver a finished product. It can also include various
operations and the individual step guidelines needed to complete a production process.

In Odoo Manufacturing, multiple :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` can be linked to each product, so
that even product variants can have their own tailored :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)`.

Correctly setting up a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` helps optimize the manufacturing process and
save time.

Set up a Bill of Materials (BoM)
================================

The simplest :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` setup is one without operations or instructions, only
components. In this case, the production is solely managed using *Manufacturing Orders*.

To create a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` from the :guilabel:`Manufacturing` module, go to
:menuselection:`Products --> Bills of Materials`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`. Next, specify the

> :guilabel:`Product`. Note that a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` can also be created directly from
> the product form. In that case, the :guilabel:`Product` field is pre-filled.

Reviewer 2: Optional suggestions here:
- turn the sentence starting with `Note that a...` into an actual `:note:` since it's an alternate instruction (and therefore not needed in the paragraph with primary instruction / might confuse people).
- form the two short sentences into a compound sentence to retain context when vague nouns (e.g. "that" --> "which").

```suggestion
:guilabel:`Product`. 

.. :note::
   A :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` can also be created directly from the product form, in which
   case, the :guilabel:`Product` field is pre-filled.
```

For a standard :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`, set the :guilabel:`BoM Type` to
:guilabel:`Manufacture this Product`. Then, click :guilabel:`Add a Line` to specify the various
components that make up the production of the final product and their respective quantities. New
components can be created quickly through the :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`, or can be created
beforehand in :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products --> Create`. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set up a Bill of Materials.

Specify a Bill of Materials (BoM) for a Product Variant
-------------------------------------------------------

:abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` can also be assigned to specific *Product Variants*, with two
setup options available to choose from.

> .. :note:: In order to assign :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` to product variants, the product's
>    variant attributes must already be configured on the product form.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick DR will bring up:
When formatting a tag for note, tip, etc., actually break the line after the tag's closing colon `:` and align the content underneath it so it lines up with the opening colon `:`, like so:
```suggestion
.. :note:: 
   In order to assign :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` to product variants, the product's variant
   attributes must already be configured on the product form.
```

:menuselection:`Products --> Bills of Materials`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`. Next, specify the
:guilabel:`Product`.

.. note::
   A :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` can also be created directly from the product form, in which
   case the :guilabel:`Product` field is pre-filled.

For a standard :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`, set the :guilabel:`BoM Type` to
:guilabel:`Manufacture this Product`. Then, click :guilabel:`Add a Line` to specify the various
components that make up the production of the final product and their respective quantities. New
components can be created quickly through the :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`, or can be created
beforehand in :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products --> Create`. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set up a Bill of Materials.

Specify a Bill of Materials (BoM) for a Product Variant
-------------------------------------------------------

:abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` can also be assigned to specific *Product Variants*, with two
setup options available to choose from.

> .. note::
>    In order to assign :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` to product variants, the product's
>    variant attributes must already be configured on the product form.

Reviewer 2: 100th char break slightly earlier.
```suggestion
.. note::
   In order to assign :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` to product variants, the product's variant
   attributes must already be configured on the product form.
```

The first method is to create one :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` per variant by creating a new
:abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` and specifying the :guilabel:`Product Variant`. The second method
is to create one master :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` that contains all of the components, and
specify which variant each component applies to using the :guilabel:`Apply on Variants` column.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom-variants.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product Variants in the Bill of Materials.

> Set up Operations

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this be
```suggestion
Set up operations
```
?

Reviewer 3: Same for other section titles.

Reviewer 2: Agree. Made the changes on [eeff3ce](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/2611/commits/eeff3ceb419485223e1856e94c2a3d77ccfb31b1) 👍

up BoMs for product variants, after the attributes have been configured on the product form.

You can create one BoM per variant by specifying the *Product Variant* in the dedicated field below
the product name. Alternatively, you can use one master BoM that contains all of the components, and
specify which variant each component applies to using the *Apply on Variants* column, as shown
below. 

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom_2.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Product Variants in the Bill of Materials. 

Adding Operations
=================

You can also add *Operations* to your BoM if you want workers to follow instructions or register
time spent. To use this feature, enable the *Work Orders* feature in the *Manufacturing* app
settings, as shown below.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom_3.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Work Orders Setting. 

.. note::
         Each operation is unique, as it is always exclusively linked to one BoM. 
         Operations can be re-used when configuring a new BoM, with the *Copy Existing 
         Operations* feature.

.. image:: bill_configuration/bom_4.png
    :align: center
    :alt: *Copy Existing Operations* feature. 

> Like components, operations can also be variant-specific, as shown below.

Reviewer: Delete this one sentence `Like components...as shown below.`

> .. image:: bill_configuration/bom_5.png

Reviewer: This image is not really necessary. I would delete the image block and its tags from the code and remove the image file with the command terminal using `git rm [file-path]`

    :align: center
    :alt: Variant-specific operations. 

> Adding By-Products

Reviewer: Delete `Adding`

==================

> A *By-Product* is a product that is produced in addition to the main product of a BoM. Unlike the

Reviewer: - Add `residual` before `product that is`
- Replace `produced` with `created during production`

primary product, there can be more than one by-product on a BoM. 

> To add by-products to a BoM, you will first need to enable the *By-Products* feature from the

Reviewer: - Delete `you will` and `need to`
- Replace the italic formatting around `*By-Products*` with `:guilabel:'By-Products'`
- Replace `from the *Manufacturing* app settings` with `in :menuselection:'Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations'`

Note: in my suggested changes, single quotation marks ( ' ) = backticks ( ` ), I use single quotation marks in review comments so it will actually show on Github

*Manufacturing* app settings.

> .. image:: bill_configuration/bom_6.png

Reviewer: This image is not really necessary. I would delete the image block and its tags from the code and remove the image file with the command terminal using `git rm [file-path]`

    :align: center
    :alt: By-Products setting. 

> Once the feature is enabled, you can add by-products to your BoMs. If you have operations, you'll

Reviewer: - Delete `you can` 
- Replace `your BoMs. If you have operations, you'll need to specify exactly which operation the by-product will be produced from.` with `a BoM by clicking on the :guilabel:'Operations' tab and clicking :guilabel:'Add a line'. Then, name the by-product, and specify the :guilabel:'Quantity' and the :guilabel:'Unit of Measure'. If the BoM has configured operations, specify exactly which operation the by-product is produced from in the :guilabel:'Produced in Operation' field. Finally, click :guilabel:'Save'.`

Note: in my suggested changes, single quotation marks ( ' ) = backticks ( ` ), I use single quotation marks in review comments so it will actually show on Github
